hey guys what is that this is Sarah DG
rhymes with peachy here for another
episode of the creative exchange I am
here with Kara golden of hint I am a big
fan of hint water so I have actually
done work with him before and she is
here in LA so we have a chance to sit
down and talk with her so for the people
who don't know of hint water who could
at be eight the two people out there
what is hint water so hint just makes
water taste better for people like me
who knew that they should be drinking
more water but just didn't
I developed hint I started slicing up
fruit and throwing it in water and
wondered why all these things that were
calling themself water on the market
actually had a lot more crap in it than
than just water and so yeah so we're
just using we're just using just a touch
of the fruit flavor in order to actually
get people to enjoy water again so what
makes you guys unique what was the
moment where the world needs a nother
water company because you said you know
on your panel that you would go to Whole
Foods and you saw a vitamin water but
there's so much sugar so what makes him
stand out and why is it a healthier
alternative so so ages ago I used to
drink diet soda and I was thinking that
the word diet actually was better for me
and then one day I started looking at
you know I thought the diet was better
for me but what else do I think is
actually better for me and I mean I made
a list and I wish I would have kept the
list but I made a list that was like
low-fat water chicken fish like I and I
started really like making this list of
if I do all of these things put all of
these things in my body then I'll be
healthy right
like I'll work out and then I'll do all
of that and then for sure I'm gonna be
healthy and it ends up that that's not
the case and so for me I had seen it for
myself that I was drinking diet soda
and and decided okay I'm going to give
this up maybe only for temporarily but
for you know a few weeks I'm going to
see what happens and I gave up diet soda
and started drinking plain water and
what I saw just by making that shift was
I lost over 20 pounds in six months I
lost over 50 pounds and I had really bad
skin I was you know suddenly in six
months seeing what I couldn't do with
antibiotics or anything from the
dermatologist or any great skin care
products and so I think that the key
thing when we started this company was
that there were a lot of companies out
there that I felt very frustrated and
somewhat angry that I had been fooled by
that I thought you know they're actually
trying to get me to think that they're
healthy you know I call him now healthy
perception companies versus healthy
reality and when I really started to
take the time to look at these companies
and and these products from these
companies I realized that that if I
actually just took a minute to try and
say okay what is you know what what is a
flavor what is sugar what is you know
all of these carmel food colorings what
is all of these different things and
really tried to only eat or drink those
things that i knew exactly what was in
it then i could actually you know change
health for the better inside of myself
so so there had been carbonated versions
of our product out there early on many
of them were not and are still not today
actually using real fruit in their
product we use real fruit so that's a
key differentiator but also we decided
to we were really the first stillwater
version of just making water taste
better with no sweeteners no sugar
stevia no aspartame no NutraSweet no
sacra and nothing there's so many words
for all of the sugars right and it's so
many you really don't know what you're
drinking in a lot of cases exactly and
frankly I mean we're probably the only
beverage company on the mark
today that actually tells people look if
you believe that your tap water is clean
then you should drink it like I you
don't need to drink my product and you
know unfortunately that's become an
issue in the US where you know it
started with Flint Michigan a couple of
years ago and so on are the days in you
know the US when we can just assume we
can turn the tap on right clean water
right right so I think it's you know
it's it's a product that is like I said
our hope is to really help people drink
water it ends up that tons of people are
were like me are not necessarily the
healthiest people in the world but they
think they're healthy just because
they're shopping at Whole Foods right
later joes or whatever and i'm you know
i really so did i mean that stuff is
everywhere yeah i mean i used to drink
all of my sugar for the day and one can
of dr. pepper so being from Texas I was
addicted to that stuff and then you sit
back you look at the labels you're like
hmm okay the people recommend like 25
grams or 30 I think for an average woman
to consume a day I just drank that in
dr. pepper yeah totally and I don't know
about you but I used to say to myself I
mean Diet Coke was like my best right
I used to say it's actually made up of
water so it'll be fine it'll keep me
hydrated I grew up in Arizona where like
I should have been super hydrated and
wanting to drink water but I was just
kind of like and you know water so
boring and but I found that if I started
like putting some fruit in it that it
would make you know such a huge
difference I mean to your point too I
mean the sad thing is is that I think
that there's so many things I mean these
large companies in particular spend so
much time and effort and research and
money actually trying to trick the
consumer so so I would say that you know
I probably spent twenty percent of my
time these days not just you know
running the company but another twenty
percent actually lobbying for people to
really consumer advocacy for consumers
to be able to I believe that if a
consumer buys a product
that they should actually be able to
know what they're buying that makes
sense
I mean it's it's a logical thing yet
today you know while we have an FDA that
helps to actually you know help people
to have safe products the problem that I
see just being in this industry and not
just with water we recently launched a
sunscreen personal care yeah it's super
something that I need there's so many
products for example so our product
launched launched and target nationwide
a couple of weeks ago which is huge but
we after three years of waiting to get
the FDA approval I we finally got it and
I was really excited because we're one
of the first products that not only
smells and feels better on people's
skins we're using the real fruit from
this to actually scent
well but yeah which is really unique and
different but there's um you know over
95% of products on the market today say
or have oxybenzone and them and parabens
in them and there's a few products that
are out on the market that claim to not
have oxybenzone in them and so when i
hear that as a consumer that a product
doesn't contain oxybenzone i just
assumed that that brand has gotten
behind that as a whole right and it ends
up that you know this product is one of
the higher end brands and CVS and and
they claim like no oxybenzone no
parabens on all of their stuff yet
they're number one selling products in
the sun care line house that has
oxybenzone in it and so i'm like how
could that be okay and reality is is
that you know it really goes back to
labeling and is actually sort of another
layer even below where you know I
discovered sort of the food industry was
a few years ago that there's no one
policing it right oh that's the whole
thing which is yeah that's I mean there
start off with beverages but then you
get into the food industry and so do you
watch the Netflix documentaries about
him it's crazy right I know and a lot of
times with that it's it's so
overwhelming that you just felt
powerless I think it's really cool when
you know you it started with yeah waters
boring but also there's a side of it
where consumers don't know they're
drinking and it's cool that you found a
solution that is a part of solving that
problem which is cool and I bet that
feels amazing um but building hint this
is a 13 year old yeah almost 13 years
yeah and so you know when you're
building companies whether it's an
Internet service or maybe like a client
service I feel like that type of thing
is so different than making a product
and building a business around products
and so in the very beginning how long
did it take for you to get from the idea
of water to something that you could
actually show to people something you
can be like look this is a bottle of
hint this is what we're doing with it
because that's intimidating yeah you
know you have to figure about the actual
water but the bottle the label the
design of it how long did that process
take you know it's funny I mean I think
I'm a little bit different not from
every entrepreneur but from many
entrepreneurs I didn't sit there and say
like one day I'm gonna run my own
company I I was quite happy working
inside inside of large companies and I
would you know I always you know it's
always easier hindsight 20/20 to like
look back I was always the one that
wanted to take on the product of the
projects that like nobody else had
tackled like I've always been and it's
very clear to me now but it wasn't clear
to me when I was in my 20s that I I'm a
builder like that's where like I love
the build right I get less interested
when it's you know it's when I grow it
yes to where you get hyped on the idea
and you're like yes yes yes and then you
get to action the part where it's fully
developed or you know and it's like okay
well what's another idea that I can and
so there's so I always you know group
entrepreneurs and to like I mean I still
13 years later view our company is very
much a start-up but I feel like it's for
me as an entrepreneur and as a founder
that's what I really love doing and part
of the reason I think you know not to
say that that we weren't growing as a
beverage company I mean our
sales doubled year-over-year growth we
were still doing great but to actually
like dig my head into the sunscreen and
personal care market for me was like
okay it's totally different on so many
fronts and so it was yeah it was soup
it's super exciting to be able to you
know almost do another build another
build right and so so I think that you
know I look at tech actually my
background in tech and then I went into
CPG I mean it it's funny I I feel like
you know the tech industry is fairly
young as compared to other industries
that are out there and having grown up
in tech I felt like I never walked into
a room when I was at this little startup
to market that was a spin out of Apple
or that was Steve Jobs
there was a Steve Jobs idea well it was
an idea an idea it was an idea with an
apple that Steve had to actually make
you know baud modem speeds irrelevant
because if you had all of the graphics
and content on a CD and you can stick
the disc into the machine then the
consumer wouldn't even know like it was
it was a thought that Steve had which
was a brilliant thought that it's like
if the consumer doesn't need to know how
hard this stuff is and and that's I
think as a whole what Apple is how they
became so brilliant is just the
simplicity of timing and the user
experience yeah Steve Jobs is someone
you admire
ya actually admire ya to be so close
that and then that company was acquired
by AOL AOL came in and invested in us
and they were definitely bigger than to
market where I was at they were you know
they were smaller actually at the time
then then Apple but you know it's
interesting because I look at you know
my experience and tech there and then I
was at CNN before that and it was I was
sort of on a start-up within CNN
building out the airport channel and but
anyway the the one thing that I felt
like I really got out of that experience
and again it's like great to look back
on it but I never walked into a room and
any of those three companies and thought
it can't be done
like I wasn't surrounded by people and
again these were all builders that were
like the same kind of mindset where they
were like you know where somebody would
have an idea and they'd be like dude you
can't do that right and then when I came
over to you know launching hint I tried
to talk to as many people as possible
who had worked in the beverage industry
because I said to myself like I don't
know anything about beverage so I better
go you know call so-and-so's friend who
works at you know the big soda companies
or whatever and try and learn and I
would hear it over and over again like
oh you can't do that oh you can't
produce a product that has any type of
shelf life without preservatives in it
oh you can't do this and it was so
foreign to me because in the tech
industry it was like yeah hook's go talk
to like who can we get in the room to
actually help us solve this problem and
so it was a great launch pad for when I
came to launch hint and you know I'd be
dealing with our bottler and he'd say no
you actually you need preservatives in
your product and I had an idea that I
want to launch a product with real fruit
and also no preservatives in it and they
would say oh that's impossible
and I kept saying why yeah and because
that's what I matter why asking walnut
impossible right it just makes me like
cringe yeah and and frankly like I think
it was very very depressing to me for
the first year because I'm like I don't
know if I want to go into CPG because
everybody is like telling me no no no no
no and maybe they know cuz they've been
in the industry for so long what does
that stand for
CBG CPG cpu consumer packaged goods so I
kept thinking that you know maybe I
don't want to be in this industry and
then I thought well I think differently
and so maybe I'm the one that actually
needs to go and and watch the shading
around differently and and do things
differently too and so so I you know I
really believe that a lot of the the
culture and the ethos and and lots of
things that are super important to any
startup you know you have to have a
great product or service but I also
think like bringing in people
who
think you know that in thinking not like
you do necessarily but think with a
can-do attitude and just go do a sort of
mentality is very very important
and I think that's really cool that you
had that experience you know AOL CNN you
were working with people and you had
structure around you so when the time
came to bring in people at hid and add
structure and your company that wasn't
foreign to you I know for me as someone
who honestly I've pretty much worked for
myself like yeah the my entire life
I mean I'm 23 I got some years to live
but that's probably the wall that I hit
the most is okay how do i scale me and
how do I reach out to people to help me
with what I'm growing and let go of
things yeah and so I think that's when
you know very clearly you you are an
entrepreneur but I could see that being
so valuable like your work it
AOL and all the other places because
that's so important yeah that is so
important well and there's no rules to
say I mean just as an example to you I
mean there's no rules to say your your
business is doing amazing and you're
doing lots of great stuff but it's not
to say that you couldn't go inside of a
company and then like it that doesn't
mean you failed right like Julie rice
the one of the cofounders of SoulCycle I
just read that she just took a job at we
work as their chief creative officer and
so when I talked to Julie about a year
ago she was saying like you know I've
founded this great company this movement
right where like people are you know on
board and I don't know what I want to do
now because I don't necessarily have the
next big idea like SoulCycle so what do
I want to do and and you know I was a
little bit surprised when I saw that she
took this role at we work and I've been
thinking about it over the last 48 hours
I'm like no it's really cool like it
actually says something about we work
that you know they wanted to inject
something that Julie had and you know
and it's not to say that Julie's gonna I
mean maybe she will sit there forever
but it's not to say that she's gonna you
know sit there forever either she may
need to
no rules around it and so I think that
that's I mean that's a really good point
I would say to that as I was starting to
build hint to that people I mean still
13 years later people from my former
companies from time from CNN will like
call me and they're like oh my god I
just heard like this is your company
that's so cool
and they'll you know want to do
partnerships with me they want to you
know and so I think that that's you know
that it's it's definitely a network that
is you know helping me think about
things and do things and and yeah that's
cool yeah so from the moment that you're
in Whole Foods and the dude was like you
should make this yeah you know I think
that's a really fun story and - did you
raise capital in the beginning or was it
bootstrap tour when what was the first
legit meeting was that like a year later
was that two years later yeah were you
making hint at your house so it's a
funny story I mean we had saved some
money we had I have we meaning my
husband and I so we had had a million
kids we have four kids we'd had three
kids at the time and we had saved some
money from from AOL and my husband was
at Netscape and so we like didn't even
think this was a company this was like
this hairbrained like go to Vegas kind
of idea that we just thought like oh
he's so fun just to get a product on the
show at that our favorite market Whole
Foods and so and people were like wait
what are you doing and we're like oh
like we're just like delivering cases -
hint but that's not really our company
like there and here's our people where I
was still interviewing for job and then
I would you know get close to you know
actually being serious about a job and
I'm like I don't know like I smile every
single day I really love what I'm doing
and we're crazy and I think you know
it's it's it's interesting - I've talked
about this before but I feel like I'm
not sure that this is what every
individual who goes into the workplace
believes but I had risen pretty quickly
I was the young
female vice president at AOL at the time
and and you know I wasn't even 30 years
old and was just really like you know
which has its own challenges frankly
because a lot of your peers who you want
to you know go out for beers with right
are you know saying like how'd you get
that job and what's you know that guy
that's at a senior level like and it was
just it was really hard in many many
ways to sort of like live in that in
that world but I almost like when I was
looking I was definitely intact looking
at sort of like equal kind of level jobs
and but I really dug deep inside myself
and figured out like Who am I as a
person and I didn't sort of get off on
like saying oh I managed 200 people like
it was kind of like a checkmark versus
actually saying okay now I want to go
manage 500 people like it wasn't just
not what sort of made me me right in my
mind and so I really believed like
titles and still believe today that
titles are irrelevant I mean I just
don't really I think that it's like the
wrong thing to focus on and when I'm
mentoring people today I'm always like
forget about that for a minute it's like
are you going to learn from people and
are you going to be able to smile every
day and want to go into work and work on
something that you're really passionate
and really believe in and so when I was
starting hint I mean it was it was a you
know it was really all of a sudden I saw
this industry you know soda and CPG and
distribution and bottling and all the
stuff I had no idea about it and all of
a sudden I was like you know I babies on
one hand that I was trying to deal with
and on the other hand I'm like looking
up and I'm like wow that's so crazy that
I've been sitting here trying to Google
like bottlers all along and like the
terminology is co-packers and I had no
idea that like I had no idea that these
are called closures and not caps I'm
like cat manufacturer cat manufacturer
nothing's coming up right and so I was
just like I got a lot to learn right
like and and I wasn't in a hurry
right right either because I was just
enjoying the ride right like I was just
like that's so cool so I guess what I'm
trying to say is you know when you're
working in a business where you know you
always or where you feel like you
actually understand like everything that
you need to know and I say this to
people who work at hint to that venture
out a little bit internally and figure
out what else do you don't know because
especially when you're in a company
where you know always be learning right
and if you're because at some point and
I don't know what the timeline is it's
different for everybody but once you
totally know what you're doing and you
feel like you're an expert I feel like
your days are numbered
mm-hmm for yourself like in terms of
like something happens like either
you're you know bored or you're not
happy or you're just like what am i
doing everyday and it's really dangerous
when you start to get bored when you get
bored right and oftentimes it's you're
bored because you're not learning right
and so that was that for me was like
such an important aspect of this that it
was like people are like I can't believe
that you know you're very marketable
like how come you didn't like going to
tech and go do and it's not that the
jobs weren't offered it was just like I
don't know like I just really want to do
this and I also felt like and this is a
lot of what a lot of entrepreneurs like
yourself also feel this way to that if I
didn't do it now when was I gonna do it
and and so that was like something else
that I was really feeling and so anyway
going back to your original question
about fundraising so we so we didn't
even think it was a company so therefore
we didn't think like it was appropriate
for us to go out and raise money and so
friends were like oh my god I love your
product like we started in our garage in
San Francisco and like the group there
was a school that a lot of my friends
kids went to and did you have a recipe
and instead of like let's open the
garage door and then people would like
drop their kids off at school and then
they go on and walk in they're like oh
can we try hand and so but I mean at
that time like we didn't have the whole
thing figured out like it was like I
mean we were that you know there's you
know very similar to Steve Jobs and I
think in many ways we
are you know like this is a much more
difficult product to actually produce
then the consumer needs to know about so
so we initially hadn't figured that out
but I really wanted to get it on the
shelf to make sure that consumers
actually wanted the product and you know
I wanted I certainly wasn't going to on
CH a product that I thought people could
die or I was positive people weren't
gonna die I wasn't gonna poison him but
the taste would vary based on you know
us us the process we were using was cold
fill versus what we use today we
pasteurize the product and it's a hot
filled product so but it's not a
straight shot of heat either we use
varying shots of heat within the product
and and so so again like when we first
started we felt like consumers were
coming to us and it was like we didn't
have a consistent product we you know
weren't really sure kind of how long we
could get the shelf life to and so that
and you know we had some money to play
with so we could do that so two years
later we decided that we were gonna take
some funding we had a former investors
and vitaminwater and they had sold the
company off to coke and they had
approached us and had heard about our
product and we were really like in San
Francisco in New York City and that was
it and we were like oh vitaminwater
investors like that sounds really big I
mean let's like let's get the money from
them and and be great and so we ended up
taking some money from them and and and
then you know building out a board as
well we you know decided early on
actually after hearing from the founders
and senior executives from vitaminwater
that you know if you're gonna take money
and you're gonna start to build out your
board it's really important to you as a
founder to be able to gain remain in
control so at that point you know we had
they the first investors wanted to take
two board seats and I was taking a board
seat my husband was taking in port seat
and so that kept ringing in the back of
my head saying well you know we need to
have three board seat in order to like
do that and so we had a
actually that we knew through our kids
who was at Google and and we were giving
her not giving they were buying tons of
hint at Google and he was like oh every
time I go into the office I see you guys
in sort of time in cheek and he said let
me know when you guys are interested in
making and taking investments and so so
we approached him and we said listen we
were just wondering if you'd be
interested in investing and then also we
really need somebody to kind of balance
us out I mean myself being on sort of
the marketing and sales and product
development side and then my husband was
an intellectual property attorney he has
he's kind of a techie geek like had you
know sort of that background and we
really wanted somebody who had a lot of
finance experience to sort of sit on our
board and make sure that you know we
were doing everything right from a
financial standpoint and so he his name
is Julie o poq Arabic and he ended up
joining not only investing but also
joining our board and so that was about
ten years ago and then actually after a
couple of other roles that great
companies like Kwan cast and Data Miner
he approached us last spring and said
hey listen you know I've been on your
board now for ten years and I know you
guys really well and can I actually come
inside your company and be your CFO so
he's our CFO yeah ya know and I'm / I
mean he's seen us through all kinds of
waves right and seen like lots of stuff
but really knows us and so that is still
the board today we've added lots of new
investors along the way I mean the one
thing that I'll say is you know as we
grew in Silicon Valley we started out
intact like the googles and then begin
to face books and lots of other skypes
and of the world and then and then a lot
of venture capitalists actually had our
product in their office - they'd be out
there like company and SSL about actual
products as I was sitting there you know
listening to your panel and so many
people had hid in their hand yeah yeah
it's really cool it'd be an event or
just be a company with a product that
you
go to vent and see the people you're
talking to so we're interacting with
with your actual product yeah I it's
weird that I'm emphasizing that so much
but as a person who just makes content
and it's always physical yeah all of my
ideas outside of merch I feel like are
just internet-based yeah my phone cases
when I don't have it yeah you know lots
of people are like oh Sequoia has your
product in their office and you know all
and you should reach out to them and and
early on I reached out to them and some
of them reached out to me and they said
like let's sit down and talk like we
love your product we love the mission we
love what you're doing you know we drink
a ton of it in our office and and none
of them wanted to fund the company and
and so and even when we decided to
launch our own director consumer side of
our business which was very much like
the you know subscription business and
e-commerce businesses out there they
were like ah you know it just makes us
really nervous like it's a beverage
company it's not really what I know and
so I always tell entrepreneurs today
it's like what I've learned about you
know whether it's venture private equity
or even individual investors as they may
not tell you this but they invest in
what they know and so they well it's
really interesting to you know go and
see the other side and kind of hear what
people are doing
I've actually and I've said this to many
venture capitalists along the way like I
can I mean the likelihood of you know
some of these Silicon Valley venture
firms actually investing in a company
like ours especially you know when we
were really not even doing e-commerce at
all was very minimal because they just
didn't know it and unfortunately a lot
of them you know people won't tell you
what they don't know hmm right and they
won't tell you that their confidence is
like really low like they want to meet
with you because they love your product
right and they're like you and
everything but they're not but at the
end of the day like things would come up
like afterwards they would say okay
we're not gonna invest in and I was like
can you give me some feedback like why
you're not going to invest and they were
like you know we're just really worried
about Coke and Pepsi
hmm and and so I am and I'd be like gosh
I don't even think about Coke and Pepsi
right like it's like you know that's not
what I in there were like really like
how could you not think about Coke and
Pepsi I'm like because in my mind like
they're trying to protect the mothership
of you know their core products and even
if they launch into you know water
products and beverage products the
minute that that starts to take the
share away from the mothership
everybody gets antsy right yeah and
let's talk about a little bit the
direct-to-consumer ecommerce side
because you see these huge brands still
the emphasis is just brand awareness and
you go and buy it in a store yeah and
you guys are now pushing a subscription
service where hint lands right on your
doormat and that's cool but that's
different yeah people aren't used to
ordering beverages to come right to
their door and so why number one and two
how because I know you have you know a
lot of knowledge and marketing and
things what are some ways that you are
letting people know yeah all that
because I I've had the privilege to be
on you know the influencer sided gems
and sharing the products but I think you
guys do a really good job of just
sending out product understanding the
power of the individual and I I feel
like I've seen hints in so many places
recently yeah and that's know that's
really helping you to hear ecommerce
site I always feel like whether it's a
business or it's an individual or
whatever it is you have to have choices
right and so I always say to
entrepreneurs that if if your if your
business is always like like in the case
of beverages I mean we had a large
percentage of our business for a long
time in the early days and product in
companies like Whole Foods and so and so
the day that Whole Foods like wakes up
and says like we're getting bought by
Amazon or we're gonna change the model
we're gonna do this like you're in a bad
spot
like you never want to be in a bad spot
right and so I've always had that belief
in thinking with every single business
model and it doesn't matter what
industry you're in is that if if you're
if you're too dedicated to you know one
chain of stores or one way of doing
business in general you're in a
dangerous spot diversify right and so so
that was kind of the initial thinking
and then we started to go into places
like Starbucks and places you know like
some of the chain stores that were out
there as well the large ones Kroger and
Publix and etc and so for years those
big chain stores have taken money called
slotting dollars for it's basically like
real estate so they get they pay
millions of dollars to actually get a
certain amount of shelf space and it's
done in beverage ice cream chips
whatever and so these are big checks
like these are like sixty million dollar
that's 80 million dollar checks per year
that these are comfy you get comfortable
with that well yeah and so what's
happening so what would happen is while
the buyers at these stores would say to
us okay we love hint and we think it's
great they're like look basically I've
sold off 90% of my shelves to these
large soda CPG companies that actually
want to pay in order to get the large
amount of space and the consumer most
consumers have no idea about this they
go to the store and they think oh that's
on a big display and so therefore that
must be what everybody wants and the
reality is is it's like this it's money
yeah right and so while I wanted to
expand our business beyond sort of like
the natural food stores like the Whole
Foods of the world and to you know
companies like Safeway I knew I couldn't
afford it like I said we went into some
other outlets including food service
which were you know places like Google
and Facebook etc and then we went into
places like Starbucks and then we went
into a bunch of other and then one day
Amazon reached out to me and said we're
launching this grocery business and we'd
really like you to be a part of it and
it
actually at a point where we had
actually been told that we weren't going
to be in a major food service chain
anymore because they were going to put
in another product a food product that
had more margins in it and and so I
wholesaled the product to Amazon and
then they were just doing incredibly
well with it and I really thought well
first of all what I learned from it was
that they were also getting a lot of
data so going back to kind of my roots
where I felt like I was getting a lot
more data I mean today if you're selling
a product like ant
I don't know that Sara's going into
Whole Foods and buying hint she can tell
me that but I don't actually get the
register data back from them because
Whole Foods will actually and now Amazon
will hold on to that data and I had
missed that coming from the tech
industry really understanding who my
customer was and so I thought I want to
a diversifies so that I'm not being
forced to potentially pay sixty million
dollar slotting fees at some of these
large grocery chains but also give
myself other options and the customer
more options to be able to have the
convenience because I really believed
that at least in my friend group there
were a lot of people who were choosing
to pay a little bit more money to go to
stores like you know Whole Foods or
drive a little further to go to stores
like Trader Joe's and weren't shopping
at these conventional grocery stores and
so I believed that you know I wasn't
even sure that I necessarily wanted to
be in there and that I wasn't you know I
wasn't sure so I really needed to be
able to diversify to be able to have our
product in lots of different places so
it really you know like the rest of my
story frankly it didn't come as like oh
my god this is going to be an e-commerce
company I mean this came out of like you
know what I identified as a wall that I
had to either you know basically join
the wall or that was going to cost me a
lot of money that I couldn't afford to
do or I had to figure out how to smash
the wall or get away on the wall or
however you
look at it and you know it ended up to
be an amazing decision I mean it ends up
that I was right that the consumer
really wants the convenience of ordering
cases I'm having them delivered to their
home but it's funny I mean it's we've
never done any sort of traditional
advertising like billboards or any type
of you know typically you put like 30%
of your marketing dollars on into like a
traditional marketing and advertising
campaign and you know we do so much in
ads now online that is really headed
towards our you know direct to consumer
e-commerce business subscription
business but we know that there's a lot
of people who see those ads who still go
to Whole Foods
don't go to Safeway still go to Publix
and they see a bottle of hint or they
see it on you know special and and
they're like oh I'm gonna load up my car
but I think that you know it's it it's
really being a brand that is kind of
understanding lots of different
industries and sort of where they've
been and where they're going and then
also hedging your bets that's good yeah
yeah so we're gonna bring it all the way
back come when you graduated college
yeah and so you told me a funny story of
how you had a thousand dollars to your
bank account and you know if that yeah
barely yes yeah and then you just start
applying to jobs and how many jobs did
you apply for it cuz I remember the
number of being around like 50 oh it's
even higher is it higher yeah so where
were you at life during that time and
why did you decide to just go and apply
for all the things so it's a crazy story
I was actually I was living in Arizona I
went to Arizona State University and I
was waitressing while I was in college
and these guys used to come in to the
restaurant and I they these like three
guys always came in and I knew they did
something in like entertainment but I
wasn't exactly sure what they did and it
was a place called TP that is like still
the best Mexican food like I crave it
and in Phoenix it's awesome don't you
miss it I know there's certain places xx
I'm still I do that to myself all the
time
but anyway so they would always come in
and then when I was getting ready to
graduate everybody was saying like oh
what are you gonna do after you graduate
and and and a lot of my friends were
taking jobs like like on asu's campus
there were lots of at least in my mind
there were lots of like consulting firms
that came on campus and like finance
firms and and and I just Oh in
pharmaceutical sales and I just didn't
want to do any of that and some of my
friends were doing those different roles
and I'm like well what am I gonna do now
and I said I'm not sure I'm gonna stay
waitressing in Phoenix but I might like
I really liked it a lot but I'm like
trying to figure out and so I was saying
to these guys I was being very
inquisitive with everyone I ran into and
I'm like so what do you guys do like I
you're in here all the time and they're
like oh we we shoot films hmm and I'm
and I'm like oh like in Phoenix and
Scottsdale like you shoot films and he
was like oh yeah there's tons of films
and I was like oh wow like do you work
for a studio or what are you doing they
said no we work for an Heiser Bush and I
was like oh wow really interesting like
so an Hazard Bush shoots movies and they
were like no we're part of the product
placement so anheuser-busch puts product
on movie sets and so we actually are
sitting on the movie sets and making
sure that the product is actually being
treated properly so that it's not in a
situation where you know the brand is
showing and some bad thing is happening
in these movies and I was like I thought
of those types of jobs totally I mean
like that's the thing they said oh you
should come interview with us and I was
like yeah that sounds awesome and so and
so they said let us know when you want
to come to LA and then another person
came into the restaurant and said oh I
have this vacuum cleaner company and
they just they Stu winner in Scottsdale
and I was like oh like what vacuum
cleaner company is it and it's in
Chicago and they said oh you should come
into us like with us and I'm like oh I
don't know that much about vacuum
cleaners but wow it sounds really cool
I'm gonna go do that
so anyway so this started happening and
I finally said okay I need to pull the
trigger and actually right when school
ends I need to actually go out and
interview and and so I went to a travel
agent this was back when there were
absent and so what your travel agent and
I said okay so I want to go from Phoenix
to LA to San Francisco to Chicago to
Boston to New York and back to Phoenix
and all one ways and I want to do it
over a month and then and then I might
end up like eliminating some legs but
can you just price this whole thing out
for me and I'm kind of flexible on the
dates and whatever and and so she called
me at home
and she said okay it'll be four hundred
and seventy two dollars and I'm like
what we so tell me the itinerary and so
I was and so she told me and I was like
yeah that's correct
are you sure like it's four hundred
seventy two dogs and then I was like
okay well here's my visa and so it's all
okay it's great I'll pick it up tomorrow
and then I still like I told my roommate
I'm like oh my I don't know what
happened but I was just like this is so
crazy and and my roommate was like oh
it's probably not like gonna happen she
probably forgot one of the legs right
and so so I got in there and sure enough
my tickets like all set so I so I took
like the next couple of weeks and just
like wrote a ton of letters this was
before the internet and wrote a ton of
letters and sent him out and and then
just followed up with a phone call and I
had actually when I started I probably
had close to thirty interviews before I
left to go okay I can't remember I
should have written all of this down but
I can't remember exactly how many but so
so then when I went to LA and I
interviewed at anheuser-busch and I
thought oh wow that's a really cool
opportunity and then they're like so
what do you want to do and I'm like can
I be honest with you I have no idea like
I I'm really like I'm just graduating
from college and I met these three guys
who are executives at anheuser-busch and
they were telling me about it
I'm just like using the next month to
really understand what I want to do and
they're like what do you mean and I'm
like oh well I bought this ticket it was
for 272 dollars and like I'm telling the
whole story and they're like that's so
crazy and and so where are you going
next so I'm like I'm going to San
Francisco and they're like oh you two
existed like I would watch a vlog whole
thing rights amazing so I go to so then
they're like oh when you're up in San
Francisco you should reach out to my
friend at Bain and he's like and maybe
he's got like are you willing to do
anything I'm like yeah like I don't even
know what these jobs are like I didn't
know what a consultant was I didn't know
what you know I was open to whatever I
just really was learning it and maybe I
would jump on something maybe I wouldn't
and so so when he would people kept
adding on and then I go home from that
day of interviews and then I'd like look
at my list of people that I should call
and I was like hey like I'm friends with
so-and-so and I'm reaching out can I
like my resume won't get there in time
but can I fax it to you and so I'd be
living at FedEx and you know FedEx
Kinkos and doing this anyway by the time
it was all said and done like I probably
had over a hundred interviews and like
over a month and I was just like company
off and so I had I had I think I had
over 60 offers and so people like don't
expect me to get back to you like it's
not that easy like to like I'm gonna be
traveling and then I'll get back and so
I kind of much to my surprise I mean
along the way like I actually forgot
about some of the interviews and I got
these letters I'm like oh no
but it was like I but what it allowed me
to do it allowed me to do multiple
things first of all actually like people
if you if they see motivation and drive
and people people are willing to talk to
you right like I just wasn't afraid to
pick up the phone and just talk to
people and there were knows and there
people are like I don't know why my pal
told you to call me like whatever and
I'm like I don't want to work for you
anyway so that's that's cool but it also
allowed me to actually I knew that I
wanted to leave Phoenix and go to a
bigger city and so I you know
was looking in LA in San Francisco and I
had been to LA I've been to San
Francisco once I had never been to
Boston in New York and so I also lined
up like staying with friends in all of
these cities and and like friends
parents like I had enough budget where
like I would know like when I left like
I bought them a plant and like left it
on there about a nice thank you know for
having me like I had you know definitely
was like concerned about that but the
other thing that really allowed me to do
was just like have confidence in myself
because I didn't have friends that I
could like sit there and say well what'd
you think about that company like I made
really great notes and and said like
okay this is what to do ermand and you
would not get in people don't realize
how relational everything is okay I'm
sure with every single interview like
you said there was another person that
they wanted to recommend you to and will
I find that with the creative world as
well just as you go out and you know
you're offering something to someone
like hey I want to shoot a video of you
doing this you're offering them value
and there's always something in return
it's like hey let me connect you to this
person who I think would be perfect for
this next project you have and some of a
heart right like summer you're like yeah
it's just like it's what they talk about
just putting out there getting out and
they're doing it and showing that
determination
ya know definitely and you never know
where people end up you know like
showing up either I mean I remember I
was speaking a few years ago at a United
Nations Women event and met this like
really cool woman and then I was at like
kids high school play the other night
and then she's like do you remember me
like we have this great conversation I
was like oh my god like that's so crazy
and then she's and then she said oh I'm
doing this conference in Silicon Valley
that for women and and the UN is
involved in it and I'd really like to
get your also slain and so that's that I
mean be nice be helpful like you know to
like and I was really I tell people you
know graduating from college or you know
like when people give you something to
follow up on the other thing that has
you know I really really did back then
and I'm a big believer today it's like
follow up with them and just tell them a
quick note hey by the way thanks again
for introducing me to Sarah and you know
and I just want you to know it like
she's great we're gonna do this or you
know it wasn't quite the right role but
I so appreciate you even like taking the
effort to do it because I think that the
follow up not just with the person that
you meet with but the person that's made
that introduction it's like it it just
is like closing the closing the loop
right and so that and so many people say
to me like god people don't do that
anymore like thanks so much because I
didn't want to like reach out to them
and like I want to make sure that they
were nice and and whatever but but I you
know it's you know I've I've gotten more
and more involved in Arizona State
University and I've said to the head of
the school Michael Crowe he was like oh
so was our it was our the Career
Development Center super helpful to you
and I'm like I don't know if I'm
supposed to say this but it wasn't that
there was anything wrong with it it just
wasn't me right and it and so and so I
think that but I I really believe like
you know if you want something you just
kind of go ahead and get it in every
aspect of life right and and that was
the same with me when I wanted to go and
find a job like I wasn't sitting here
saying like oh gosh when's my school
we're gonna come up with the right job
you mean yeah you know and be willing to
take little steps along the way and and
trying things and it doesn't mean that
you have to you know go out and right
from college go and get that perfect job
- like I was you know tell people as
well that it's like fine to find a
company find a leader find somebody that
finds something that you believe in and
go join it and let your brain just kind
of incubate there for a while to figure
out like what you like what you don't
like and you know it's it's um I mean if
you would have asked me in college I
probably would have said I would have
been a media I would have been you know
I didn't even know tech existed right
like I would have thought tech would
have been this like super geeky thing
that only the people
that are you know in different classes
than what I take at school I'm involved
in and then all the sudden I'm like
living in tech and I'm really like right
in the center of it I love to be in a
room with those same people who you know
are like we can't do this without you
right right and and so you just I think
it's just keeping you know your mind
open and and you know I'm I'm also a big
believer to like I'll talk to
entrepreneurs and they're saying oh I'm
working it you know this great company
Apple right now but like I want to do my
own thing and I'm like then you know you
should figure out when you can do that
and when like everybody knows like at
some point where if you're not learning
anymore if you you know believe that
you've just got to get the itch out of
you and just go and do it then then go
do it but there's also nothing wrong
with incubating you know something on
the side to actually test the
conservation side while you're like
actually making money because I think
that you know gone are the days for
entrepreneurs where if you actually need
to go out and raise money I mean it used
to be like I've got to quit my job and
then I've got to invest a hundred
percent of my time in this concept that
I mean I might tell everybody that's
gonna work but I don't know if it's
gonna work and like why not kind of test
it a little bit on the side and figure
out whether or not it's gonna work and
be honest with everybody that you're
doing us I think today like large
companies actually really appreciate
that
like SSST directly competitive but
you're just trying to get this thing out
of your head and you don't know if
you're gonna go and do it full-time or
if you're gonna close it down what are
you doing from 6 p.m. to 2 a.m. right
and it's not during the time that you're
supposed to be focused on this and and I
think that then you can actually you
know get something off the ground
without like a lot of companies today
aren't gonna fund things unless you're
you know that point zero zero zero zero
one percent unicorn
they're not gonna fund things that don't
have proof of concept and so it's a
little bit of a chicken egg
but I'm a big believer that you know you
go take a job at some really big company
that that has been doing something right
for a long time and you're learning 100
yeah yeah yeah and I think that's an
amazing point to end on thank you so
much for being creative exchange podcast
yeah I mean where can people find you
Twitter in diagram yeah so so hint at
drinking calm on Twitter at Carrick
golden it's kar a gol di N and on
Facebook I also have talking about
mentorship so I also have my own
mentorship channel that I'm doing it's a
podcast on yeah on iTunes and then also
at Kara golden calm so I'm doing live
interview guys she does so much great
stuff yeah like I'm super cool
entrepreneurs but also the podcast is
focused not just on entrepreneurs but
the first ten segments that I'm doing
right now are focused on health all the
questions you want to know around you
know peanut allergies and the whole
thirty diet and the lobbyists movement
inside of you know big food and and why
consumers aren't getting as much
information as they need to know on
multiple time is good if you're just
tuning I make sure to subscribe to this
YouTube channel or if you're listening
to it on Apple podcast or Google Play
you can hit that subscribe button so
carry the little and for fun yeah Cheers
yes we'll see you guys in the next
creative exchange podcast right
you